hello and welcome tsum what
goes off flash my name is anne and that
has happened
wikileaks has in no time
now for the second time new
documents to the nsa
spy activities on the German
Politics published and how not to
Great attention something new
comes out then always comes
out there as the spy activities there
were larger than previously thought so that
also this time because of the American
secret service has for decades
German Chancellery intercepted it is
not just the current one
federal government of angela merkel
but also the predecessor governments
of schröder and cabbage
the whole becomes apparent on the basis of a
list with phone numbers more than that
half of them are in a tight environment
the Chancellor and are in part
even today the list is still active
exactly one does not know but as I said
many of the numbers are still up to date
Also, there's also again
written conversation logs
telephone calls of the Chancellor
it's about that, among other things
Relationship of iran usa the proceeding of
economic crisis and their opinion
to the american central bank everything
So the topics of interest
are for the us and thus potentially
also for the american president
yes now will call again
enlightenment loud, especially from
members of the nsa
committee of inquiry of the Bundestag
the investigation competent
General Federal Attorney Harald Range
not yet determined in this
related and previous
Investigations to monitor the cell phone
from angela merkel he has again
so it's getting more and more
known as very American
secret services supposedly allied
German politicians are listening or listening
have and still will be as good as
did not do anything about it
35 million dollars is simply dropped
this gigantic sum is more than that
Fivefold of what the US does every year
spend for the military and make them
us also more than 20 times whatsapp of it
buy that so just go away
is pretty much unimaginable though
that's what's in Chinese right now
has happened publicly or more days
the problem with fairly falling
Courses where also next to lots of money
is destroyed since the middle of July is the
market in Shanghai by more than 30
percent collapsed
the reason for this was earlier
share register
where there were many speculations and also
many small investor stocks on pump
bought in june then the
Chinese stock exchange announces there
The rule then something to tighten
many have their share of something
Panic sold to Chinese authorities
now take a massive too
For example, they restrict the
Stock sales 1300 companies are allowed
no more shares to trade
this is equivalent to about 40 percent of
money assets something about the Chinese
publicly traded also not
government's big economic stimulus program
money should flow into these areas
where now money is missing because yes were too
many small investors are doing a lot now
have lost money the whole seems too
help the situation recover the courses
stabilize something you have too
pretty scared that this trend
China was always more widely used
strong on growth course but that
changes slowly
if your last year is christmas
the xbox or playstation get you
then maybe you remember
the playstation network and xbox live
go there for days around christmas 2014
unreachable and above that
Attack of a Finnish 17 year old
hackers of the so-called reader squad
known online under the name of victory and
which was now from a Finnish
court to a two-year-old
sentenced to probation and to
publicly against criminal hedge
he was pronounced altogether
found guilty in more than 50 1700
cases of cybercrime he had
then in the oas attacke so one
distributed denial of service attack
on the networks started about it
Leave the servers with them
bombard the bombardment
17-year-old is responsible
but also for a large-scale
harassment campaign against a 20
year old American he has the
phone number issued so that
Thousands of people called as well
does he have a call to the us
authorities ensured that a swat
team in the apartment, another with him
Crimes were hacks at American
elite universities and money laundering yes and
For all these things he gets now
only two years on probation the hecking
team lisa squad celebrate this punishment too
pretty wise just as small
because he does not even come for it
jail
there is another big tail here
in this video and have more
to nsa espionage in germany for you
yes water
this punishment for the
Underage hacker is all right
or too low writes in the
Comments
that was maybe until today
next time